feat(kafka-upstream): add some how-to document pages for the new feature of kong gateway's kafka-upstream plugin (#8546)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/kafka-upstream/how-to/_custom-message-format.md

---

> nav_title: Customize Kafka Message with Kafka Upstream Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nav_title: Customize Kafka Messages
```

> title: Customize Kafka Message with Kafka Upstream Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Customize Kafka Messages with the Kafka Upstream Plugin
```
